360X233
360X280
Dear Khaja,

Via YouSendIt I have sent you a pdf file of our design for the new
'homepage' of our proposed new Waterside Gallery website. I have noted some
important factors for the site below that I hope will give you a good idea
of whether you want to take this job on.

1.
The site will need to be created from scratch and will replace the old site.

2.
The site will require a reasonably complex management system that will allow
us to change text and images on virtually all pages.

Please take a look at the management system we have in place on the current
site to give you some idea of what we are used to being able to do, the link
is:

http://www.watersidestives.com/admin/

The user name is ray and the password is also ray.

You will see that if you click on the 'artists' button the system allows you
to add and delete artists. I have created a test artist at the bottom of the
list for you to play around with. You will notice that once you have clicked
into this artist you are able to add and delete text and images. These
images are resized automatically. Once your amendments are completed your
changes can be viewed in the Waterside Gallery website itself. The link to
this site is:

http://www.watersidestives.com/

This current management system should also allow me to add information about
forthcoming exhibitions but this side of the system has never worked
properly.

Please note that I do not expect you to replicate this system, I want a
bigger and better one but this does allow me to do most of what I want to
do.

3.
It would be a good idea to take a look at the following website:

http://www.richard-green.com/DesktopDefault.aspx?tabid=19&tabindex=18

This is the website for Richard Green, one of the biggest and most
successful galleries in England. We have taken a lot of the elements from
this site and incorporated them into our design.

4.
On the homepage the elements we would need to be able to change are those
relating to 'exhibitions' and featured artists. In effect those elements in
the bottom half of the page. However on other pages, for instance if you
click on the word 'paintings' this would take you into a page dedicated to
our painters, and for this page we would need to be able to what we do
currently, add and delete painters, images and text.

5. 
We only have the homepage completed at the moment although the other pages
should follow quite quickly now that we have decided on the design of the
site.


I'm just sending this email to get things started and to find out whether
you want this job and are confident of being able to fulfil all our
expectations of the site. There will be many issues that we come up and
these will become more apparent as the designs for the pages are sent to you
and I send emails relating to these pages to explain what we want them to
do.

You still haven't sent me your invoice for the search engine work you did
for the Riverside Website. There is a funny thing going on with this, our
business website in that if you type Waterside gallery St Ives into
google.co.uk we come nowhere at all. You can go through page after page and
we do not appear. However if you put the same information into google.com or
any other search engine we come up in the first few listing of the first
page. There is another Waterside Gallery in Cornwall and they always feature
very highly so please do not get them confused with us. Their address is
watersidegallery.co.uk

Is it possible that somebody has been able to put a block on our being able
to appear high up. You literally have to put our full address in to get a
listing for us. When we have the new site I obviously want to be high up in
the listings. 

Please let me know your thoughts,

Joe